*Overview
The Investor-User Connection Platform is a web application designed to facilitate connections between investors and users seeking investment opportunities. The platform allows users to register, log in, and manage their profiles, while investors can also register and manage their investment details.

*Features
#User Registration and Login: Users can create accounts and log in to access their profiles.
#Investor Registration and Login: Investors can register and manage their investment information.
#Profile Management: Both users and investors can update their profiles.
#Connection History: Users can view their connection history with investors.
  
*Technologies Used
.Java Servlet: For handling server-side logic.
.JSP (JavaServer Pages): For creating dynamic web content.
.JDBC (Java Database Connectivity): For database interactions.
.MySQL: As the database management system.
.Maven: For project management and dependency management.

#Getting Started
1.Prerequisites
.Java Development Kit (JDK) 8 or above
.Apache Tomcat or another servlet container
.MySQL database
  
#Installation Steps
1.Clone the Repository:
git clone https://github.com/ShreyaP707/gdp_int.git
cd gdp_int

2.Configure Database Properties: Update the 'db.properties' file with your MySQL credentials:
  db.url=jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/investor_user_db
db.user=your_username
db.password=your_password

3.Build the Project: Use Maven to build the project:
 mvn clean install

4.Deploy the Application: Deploy the generated WAR file located in the target directory to your servlet container (e.g., Tomcat).
5.Access the Application: Start your servlet container and navigate to:
  http://localhost:8080/investor-user-platform/

#Usage Instructions

1.Registering a User:
.Go to the registration page (register.jsp).
.Fill in the required fields (username, password, email, profile details) and submit the form.

2.Logging In:
.Visit the login page (login.jsp).
.Enter your username and password to log in.

3.Managing Your Profile:
.After logging in, you can view and update your profile on the profile.jsp page.

4.Investor Management:
.Investors can register and manage their investment details on their respective pages.

5.Viewing Connection History:
.Users can check their connection history on the connectionHistory.jsp page.

#Database Setup
  To set up the database, execute the following SQL commands to create the necessary tables:

  CREATE DATABASE investor_user_db;

USE investor_user_db;

CREATE TABLE users (
    id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
    username VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL UNIQUE,
    password VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    email VARCHAR(100),
    profileDetails TEXT
);

CREATE TABLE investors (
    id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
    username VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL UNIQUE,
    password VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    investmentDetails TEXT
);

CREATE TABLE connections (
    id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
    userId INT,
    investorId INT,
    meetingLink VARCHAR(255),
    date DATETIME,
    FOREIGN KEY (userId) REFERENCES users(id),
    FOREIGN KEY (investorId) REFERENCES investors(id)
);

#Conclusion
The Investor-User Connection Platform serves as a valuable tool for bridging the gap between users seeking investment opportunities and investors looking to connect with potential projects. With its user-friendly interface and essential features such as registration, profile management, and connection history, the platform aims to streamline the investment process and foster meaningful relationships.
By following the setup instructions provided in this documentation, users and investors can easily deploy the application and start leveraging its capabilities. The use of modern technologies like Java Servlets, JSP, and MySQL ensures a robust and scalable solution that can grow with the needs of its users.
We encourage developers and contributors to explore the repository, provide feedback, and contribute to the ongoing development of the platform. Together, we can enhance the functionality and user experience, making it an even more effective tool for investment connections.
For any questions, issues, or contributions, please refer to the GitHub repository or reach out to the project maintainers. Thank you for your interest in the Investor-User Connection Platform!













